chore: howto import and to do example (#2)
daKmoR/type-safe-webcomponents-with-jsdoc: README.md

![intellisenseFormatTypedJsDocExtraAllOptions](https://github.com/daKmoR/type-safe-webcomponents-with-jsdoc/raw/master/images/intellisenseFormatTypedJsDocExtraAllOptions.png)

### Importing Types across files

> Files never life in isolation so there will come the point where you want to use a type within another location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files never live in isolation so there might come a point where you want to use a type within another location.
```

Let's take our good old friend the ToDo List as an example.
You will have `todo-item.js` & `todo-list.js`.

The item will have a constructor like this.

```js
constructor() {
  super();
  /**
   * What you need to do
   */
  this.label = '';

  /**
   * How important is it? 1-10
   *
   * 1 = less important; 10 = very important
   */
  this.priority = 1;

  /**
   * Is this task done already?
   */
  this.done = false;
}
```

So how can I reuse those type in `todo-list.js`.

Let's assume the following structure:
```html
<todo-list>
  <todo-item .label=${One} .priority=${5} .done=${true}></todo-item>
  <todo-item .label=${Two} .priority=${8} .done=${false}></todo-item>
</todo-list>
```

> and we would like to calculate some staticistis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and we would like to calculate some statistics.
```

```js
calculateStats() {
  const items = Array.from(
    this.querySelectorAll('todo-item'),
  );

  let doneCounter = 0;
  let prioritySum = 0;
  items.forEach(item => {
    doneCounter += item.done ? 1 : 0;
    prioritySum += item.prio;
  });
  console.log('Done tasks', doneCounter);
  console.log('Average priority', prioritySum / items.length);
}
```

The above code actually has an error in it :scream:

> `item.prio` does not exists. Types could have saved as but how?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`item.prio` does not exists. Types could have saved us here, but how?
```

First let's import the type
```js
/**
 * @typedef {import('./todo-item.js').ToDoItem} ToDoItem
 */
```

and then we type cast it.

```js
const items = /** @type {ToDoItem[]} */ (Array.from(
  this.querySelectorAll('todo-item'),
));
```

And there we already see the type error :muscle:

![importCast](https://github.com/daKmoR/type-safe-webcomponents-with-jsdoc/raw/master/images/importCast.png)

### Use Data Objects to create Custom Elements

In most cases we do not only want to access an existing DOM and type cast the result but we would like to actually render those elements from a data array.

Here is the example array
```js
this.dataItems = [
  { label: 'Item 1', priority: 5, done: false },
  { label: 'Item 2', priority: 2, done: true },
  { label: 'Item 3', priority: 7, done: false },
];
```

and then we render it

```js
return html`
  ${this.dataItems.map(
    item => html`
      <todo-item .label=${item.label} .priority=${item.priority} .done=${item.done}></todo-item>
    `,
  )}
`;
```

> How can we make this type save?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can we make this type safe?
```

> Casting it via `@type {ToDoItem[]}` does not really work out :sob:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, simply casting it via `@type {ToDoItem[]}` does not really work out :sob:
```

![ElementAsObjectFail](https://github.com/daKmoR/type-safe-webcomponents-with-jsdoc/raw/master/images/ElementAsObjectFail.png)

It expects the object to be a full representation of an HTMLElement and of course our little 3 property object does miss quite some properties there.

What we can do is to have a `Data Representation` of our web component. e.g. define what is needed to create such an element in the dom.

```js
/**
 * Object Data representation of ToDoItem
 *
 * @typedef {Object} ToDoItemData
 * @property {string} label
 * @property {number} priority
 * @property {Boolean} done
 */
```

We can then import and type cast it

```js
/**
 * @typedef {import('./todo-item.js').ToDoItemData} ToDoItemData
 * @typedef {import('./todo-item.js').ToDoItem} ToDoItem
 */

// [...]

constructor() {
  super();
  /**
   * @type {ToDoItemData[]}
   */
  this.dataItems = [
    { label: 'Item 1', priority: 5, done: false },
    { label: 'Item 2', priority: 2, done: true },
    { label: 'Item 3', priority: 7, done: false },
  ];
}
```

> And :tada: type safety for web component AND it's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And :tada: type safety for web component AND its data.
```
